Adding express-graphql comparison (#1909)
dotansimha/graphql-yoga: website/src/pages/v3/comparison.mdx

The migration from Apollo Server to Yoga Server is easy and you can find [instructions here](https://www.the-guild.dev/graphql/yoga-server/v3/migration/migration-from-apollo-server).

## GraphQL Yoga and express-graphql

### Maintainability

> The express-graphql project has been unmaintained for many years now.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `express-graphq`l project has been unmaintained for many years now.
```

Also, the project started as a small example of how to use GraphQL with a server and was never aimed to be used in production.

It simply grew by itself without ever maturing in terms of code and ownership.

### Better in everything else

If you check out the [comparison above to Apollo Server](https://www.the-guild.dev/graphql/yoga-server/v3/comparison#graphql-yoga-and-apollo-server), everything also applies also to the comparison with `express-graphql`. Same as with the Apollo Server Comparison, there isn't a single thing that express-graphql and Apollo Server are doing better than Yoga, including the express integration:

> * [No Framework-specific Packages](https://www.the-guild.dev/graphql/yoga-server/v3/comparison#no-framework-specific-packages)

Reviewer: We should make all these links relative instead of full domain name here

Author: Done
